Be that as it may, but for that light phantastic of his gnose's glow as it
slid lucifericiously within an inch of its page (he touch at its from time
to other, the red eye of his fear in saddishness, to ensign the colours by
the beerlitz in his mathness and his educandees to outhue to themselves in
the cries of girl-glee: gember! inkware! chonchambre! cinsero! zinnzabar!
tincture and gin!) Nibs never would have quilled a seriph to sheepskin. By
that rosy lampoon's effluvious burning and with help of the simulchronic
flush in his pann (a ghinee a ghirk he ghets there!) he scrabbled and
scratched and scriobbled and skrevened namelesss shamelessness about
everybody ever he met, even sharing a precipitation under the idlish
tarriers' umbrella of a showerproof wall, while all over up and down the
four margins of this rancid Shem stuff the evilsmeller (who was devoted to
Uldfadar Sardanapalus) used to stipple endlessly inartistic portraits of
himself in the act of reciting old Nichiabilli's monolook interyerear
Hanno, o Nonanno, acce'l brubblemm'as, ser Autore, q.e.d., a
heartbreakingly handsome young paolo with love lyrics for the goyls in his
eyols, a plain-tiff's tanner vuice, a jucal inkome of one hundred and
thirtytwo dranchmas per yard from Broken Hill stranded estate, Camebreech
mannings, cutting a great dash in a brandnew two guinea dress suit and a
burled hogsford hired for a Fursday evenin merry pawty, anna loavely long
pair of inky Italian moostarshes glistering with boric vaseline and
frangipani. Puh! How unwhisperably so!
